What time is it that you start eating?
Do you still want to do it?
This is my lunch
I'll go back after a few more bites
Don't do it again
It's too much.
He didn't even give me time to eat
Okay, then I'll go back to work at the clubhouse now
You sit down and eat
I'll buy it tonight.
Miss Xu, do you know what you are talking about?
Achi will not be released today.
And this isn't a clubhouse.
He can't provide service
If you don't introduce it, what is last night?
I'm afraid it's not a small price increase, right?
Oh, right.
Last night was Chi's first time
According to the rules of the club
Miss Xu should also seal a big red envelope.
Money is not a problem
You make an offer
Then leave
Let him eat well
Is Miss Xu going to pack me for the night?
Nothing to talk about